Update adviser promo in train to teach section (#4414)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/content/train-to-be-a-teacher/school-placements.md

    text: "My mentor was the special educational needs co-ordinator. This meant I was able to learn more about this role and improve my understanding of the strategies and support available for children with special educational needs and disabilities (SEND)."
    name: "Abbe, trainee teacher"
    classes: quote--indent
cta_adviser:
  adviser:

>     text: An adviser with years of teaching experience can tell you more about school placements and how to submit a successful application. Chat by phone, text or email, as little or as often as you need.

Reviewer: I don't think we can say `how to submit a successful application` as that depends on the candidate's eligibility etc. etc. (which is why we talk about `Maximise your chances of success.....` in other promos

>     text: An adviser with years of teaching experience can tell you more about school placements and how to submit a successful application. Chat by phone, text or email, as little or as often as you need.

Author: ```suggestion
    text: An adviser with years of teaching experience can tell you more about school placements and how to maximise your chances of submitting a successful application. Chat by phone, text or email, as little or as often as you need.
```
